Changelogs for Digital Twin Manager UI 1022.0.7 (#3756)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1022-8-0-disabled-bulk-assets-import-when-feature-flags-are-enabled.md

---
date: ""

> title: "Disabled bulk assets import when feature flags are enabled"

Reviewer: @lara-c8y Can we translate "when feature flags are enabled" for the customer? Is it simply "in the Digital Twin Manager context" or what does it mean?

Reviewer 2: @BeateRixen , to give you the context, currently the DTM Assets api is behind a feature flag switch. With this enabled, DTM application calls assets api for bulk import which is not supported. When this feature flag is turned off, the application uses platform inventory api. Could you please suggest how this is conveyed for other features behind a feature flag?

Reviewer: I´m not sure if we talk about feature flags towards customers. Do we @rahulc8y?

Reviewer 3: To me, this information seems relevant only for customers using the private preview features. For these customers, we should mention this in the relevant plugin documentation so users can read this — when enabling the plugin or requesting to enable the feature flag.

Once the feature reaches GA, we can include it in the changelog or documentation.

product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2356"
version: "1022.8.0"
---

> Previously, bulk import via CSV was accessible even when DTM feature flags were enabled, leading to unsupported behavior. This update disables the import button in such cases and adds a tooltip to explain the restriction, improving clarity for users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, bulk import via a CSV file was accessible even when Digital Twin Manager feature flags were enabled, leading to unsupported behavior. This update disables the import button in such cases and adds a tooltip to explain the restriction, improving clarity for users.
```
